Are you crazy or blind?
I'm your pedestrian shopkeeper
It's just that superhero who manipulates and pretends to be blind
You dare to speak rudely to God Shuai
Then you are tired of living
How many benefits did I give you back then?
I didn't expect you to be a white-eyed wolf.
The benefits you give are a lot.
But they are enough to make the four of us enemies of God's goodness
Unless you also have the strength within 10 moves
Beat the four of us
Kneel together
Li Jinxiao, you said you have three shadow sticks
They are the town committee gods
Prince Daxia
Like Jade Wilderness King
And now the Great Xia Prince is ignorant
The King of the Four Jade Desolate Palms You Female Zhenbei Shenshuai
It just so happens to be me who you are yelling for a thousand cuts
This feeling of betrayal
Are you comfortable?
If you think it's not enough, I can make you more comfortable
Suzaku
What is God's command?
Let the brothers outside
Give them a little shock
180,000 gods of war
Temple of extermination